Telecom Expense Management (TEM) Analyst – We are seeking a Full Time TEM who will develop existing relationships with our current clients and manage a portfolio of assigned clients. Must be located within 3 hours of Harrisburg, PA.

Why this position?

Make a Difference
Do Work that Matters (to our Clients, to our Firm, to You)
Gain New Skills
Learn New Technology
Be a Name, Not a Number
Join a Winning Team
Why This Company?

We Care About our Employees, our clients and the Communities Where We Work, Live & Play
Our Work is Meaningful and Impactful
Our Industry is Growing and Dynamic
We have a Proven Track Record of Success
We are Locally Owned and Managed
What We Do?

We simplify the purchase and on-going management of vital communications services (Phones, Mobile Devices, Computers, Internet, & Network Services) for our business clients.
We make Telecom Services Easier to Manage, Faster, Better, & Less Expensive.
Who Are We?

One of the Leading Telecom Management Firms in Central Pennsylvania. We are growing rapidly and we our celebrating 30 years in business this year.
How We Do It?

A Unique Approach: Professional, Proactive, On-going Account Management
World-Class Partners: 85+ International, National, Regional & Boutique Carriers and Solutions Providers
Innovations Solutions: Technology Solutions to Improve Efficiency
Measurement, Optimization, & Reporting: Validating Savings & Driving Accountability
Bottom-Line Results: Routinely Saving our Clients Money (Many In Excess of $100K annually)
Position Summary

The TEM analyst is a remote position with meetings at corporate headquarters (near Harrisburg, PA) 4 to 6 times yearly.

The TEM develops a thorough understanding of their clients’ telecom and data solutions and processes voice and data invoices. The TEM analyst will process voice and data invoices. This includes verifying correct costs, opening billing disputes when incorrect, GL coding and emailing approved invoices to customer in a timely manner.

The analyst will find and provide recommendations for cost savings for their managed customers.

The analyst will manage contract end dates for customer’s voice and data services.

The TEM analyst will place, coordinate and track all MACDs (Moves, Adds, Changes and Disconnects) for their managed customers using Salesforce. In addition, he or she will update the customer’s inventory to reflect those changes.

The TEM analyst will lead regular calls with their customers. The calls will include reviewing recommendations for cost savings, status of ongoing MACDs and customer requests for changes. The TEM analyst will prepare the call agendas for meetings and send out minutes following the meetings.

Desired Knowledge, Skills & Abilities

Familiarity of telecommunications services.
Knowledge in Microsoft Office including Outlook and Word.
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel.
Experience using CRM software. (Salesforce or other)
Understanding telecom and data bills.
Experience in fast-paced working environments.
Enthusiastic approach to customer service.
Ability to read, write and speak English in clear, concise sentence structure with accurate spelling and grammar.
Ability to work in a team environment to ensure customer satisfaction and continuous improvements in service quality.
Prioritizes well, shows energy, reacts to opportunities, instills urgency in others and meets deadlines.
Strong organizational and follow up skills.
Careful attention to detail.
Ability to work independently with minimum supervision.
Servant Mentality and desire to truly help others (clients and team members).
Able to learn new equipment, technologies and applications in a timely manner.
Telecom Expense Management: 2 years (Required)
Bachelor's Degree Preferred
Position Type: Full Time (Complete Benefits Package includes Medical, Dental, Vision, Group Life Insurance, 401K, 11 Paid Holidays, and paid PTO – commensurate with experience).

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Application Question(s):

Are you located within 3 hours of Harrisburg, PA
Location:

Pennsylvania (Required)
Ability to Commute:

Pennsylvania (Required)
Work Location: Remote

